Brother Ye, Lord Ye
Just because I am your relative and boyfriend.
Did you spare my life?
Ah, will you spare my life?
Looking for you
Dream now that you have come to the map
Then we hate the old
Count together
Drag him down for me
Ah no
No no I don't do it
And since you want to attend the Dragon Turtle Feast so much
Then I will satisfy you.
Come on.
Dad, what's going on?
How could he have the Dragon God Iron?
You ask me who I ask
I already told you
I don't care how much he blocks my Dragon Iron
In short, those who possess the Dragon God Iron cannot fold shields
Mr. Ye, what's the situation?
Could it be a phoenix for him?
The phoenix tattoo is that stinky woman
He won't like Ye Tianci, will he?
Zhang Shao, this is not who has the divine dragon body
Who is the owner of the temple shop?
That's just a symbol of nobility
He can enter the banquet hall
But can he control the audience?
That's right, after entering the banquet hall later
Not only will there be practice for the five stewards of the building country
There will also be six commanders in chief
I'll see how crazy he gets later
After all, he's just a little security guard
Only by force
In this noble place
It's about connections and power.
Only people like Ye Shao and Zhang Shao
To be like a duck to water